# JOIN-MONEY-RITUAL-SECRET-OCCULT-TO-BE-RICH-WEALTHY-AND-POWERFUL-CALL-2349095605010
HAVE YOU BEEN SEARCHING FOR A WAY TO JOIN A SECRET OCCULT AND BECOME SUPPER RICH AND ALSO BE NOTIFY BY EVERYONE AROUND YOU,OR IF YOU ARE SEEKING FOR PROTECTION, JOIN THE GREAT AQEERAH BROTHERHOOD AND ALL YOUR HEARTH DESIRES SHALL BE GRANTED.     CALL THE TEMPLE  WITH +2349095605010     OR YOU CAN ALSO     EMAIL US WITH     (Aqeerahbrotherhood55@gmail.com)                           Life is a game. Money is how we keep scores. Money speaks sense in a language all nations understand. If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some; for he that goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing.  Unfortunately, the Christian Church has prevented much in the way of freedom of the press and free speech, especially for those of the left hand path over the years. our family is a major threat to many who wish to retain control, riches and power as for our family this riches and power is in the hands of the common man/woman.  For those of you who were raised in Christian homes, or were atheists, this intensity of spirituality may be believing there is no other way to success accept Christianity, but that is a big liar. believe me AQEERAH Brotherhood lead to success without human sacrifice.  Most right hand path religions are based upon stolen and false practices. As to those Christians who pray and keep praying with no answers, our family get blatant answers and I don’t mean twenty years later, but instantly!  Making wealth is guaranteed for the people of the world.                         Without true wisdom and inner power, the outer trappings of success are all in vain, for spirit is ascendant over matter. That which is eternal is of far greater value than that which turns to dust. The Aqeerah Brotherhood’s teachings are not aimed merely towards self-aggrandizement but for the greater happiness of the Member and so that they, in turn, may bless and help others upon the path of life.  With that said, let us say that anyone, having the right knowledge, inner power and a circle of powerful friends, with grit and determination can attain to success and prosperity. Advancement in the Brotherhood’s degrees of wisdom and power can, however, translate into a virtual guarantee of lifetime security because you are building a power within yourself that can never be taken away. Success is not handed to anyone on a silver platter and only you can guarantee your future happiness.  Why not start today building that happiness, prosperity, inner power and peace by joining The Aqeerah Brotherhood? you can get us through    Email Aqeerahbrotherhood55@gmail.com   OR   Phone call +2349095605010  Life is a game. Money is how we keep scores. Money speaks sense in a language all nations understand. If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some; for he that goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing.  Unfortunately, the Christian Church has prevented much in the way of freedom of the press and free speech, especially for those of the left hand path over the years. our family is a major threat to many who wish to retain control, riches and power as for our family this riches and power is in the hands of the common man/woman.  For those of you who were raised in Christian homes, or were atheists, this intensity of spirituality may be believing there is no other way to success accept Christianity, but that is a big liar. believe me AQEERAH Brotherhood lead to success without human sacrifice.  Most right hand path religions are based upon stolen and false practices. As to those Christians who pray and keep praying with no answers, our family get blatant answers and I don’t mean twenty years later, but instantly!  Making wealth is guaranteed for the people of the world.  people have been passing through hell thinking they can make it so fast by working harder but they did not know that there is a secret way to make real money without even a stress, but only the wise and mind set ones that can set on a journey to the spiritual land of wealth where to achieve the kind of life they desire, my people the choice is yours to make neither you choose to design your future nor you leave to admire the wiser ones think wisely and prove the world wrong of ever being poor for the rest of your life to move to the next level,  We are the first above-ground organization in history openly dedicated to the acceptance of Man’s true nature —  that of a carnal beast, living in a cosmos which is permeated and motivated by the[b] Dark Force [/b]which we call Satan. Over the course of time, Man has called this Force by many names, and it has been reviled by those whose very nature causes them to be separate from this fountainhead of existence. They live in obsessive envy of we who exist by flowing naturally with the dread Prince of Darkness. It is for this reason that individuals who resonate with Satan have always been an alien elite, often outsiders in cultures whose masses pursue solace in an external deity. We magicians are our own gods, and we are the explorers of the Left-Hand Path. We do not bow down before the myths and fictions of the desiccated spiritual followers of the Right-Hand Path. Today, we continue to uphold our legacy by building on the solid foundation created by The Lord Shanghai, and set forth in his writings, recordings, and videos. Since we were the first organization dedicated to him, we have had extensive media coverage and been referred to by several names over the course of over four decades: Aqeerah temple, is the first occult temple in Africa, before occult temple all over African today and the world, yet we maintain the simplest and boldest moniker, embodied.           TO CONTACT US CALL                  PHONE  +2349095605010          EMAIL.  AQEERAHBROTHERHOOD55@GMAIL.COM 
